[RF-DOCS] Update Rails Error Reporting Guide [ci skip] (#1)
OughtPuts/rails: guides/source/error_reporting.md

Error Reporting in Rails Applications
========================

> This guide introduces some ways that you can manage exceptions that occur in Ruby on Rails applications. Exceptions are any events that interrupt the normal flow of your program, such as errors.

Reviewer: What do you think about this? My attempt at making the intro sentence less wordy, more direct. Feel free to ignore if it's not your preference.

```suggestion
This guide introduces ways to manage exceptions in a Rails applications. Exceptions are events that interrupt the normal flow of a program, such as errors.
```

Reviewer 2: The documentation guidelines do prefer less wordy sentences:
https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/api_documentation_guidelines.html#wording.

Reviewer 2: This guide uses both "errors" and "exceptions" to basically mean the same thing.
While there is some difference between "errors" and "exceptions" in Ruby, I don't think this distinction applies to any part of this guide and we can just use "errors" everywhere.

Not sure if an explanation of errors adds anything:
```suggestion
This guide introduces some ways that you can manage errors that occur in Ruby on Rails applications. Errors are any events that interrupt the normal flow of your program.
```

Error Reporting

> ------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error Reporting
---------------
```

Author: Thanks 😊 have applied this, but out of interest, does this make a change in the front end too, or just to standardise/tidy up the .md file?

Reviewer 2: It's just tidying up.

> The Rails [error reporter](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html) provides a standard way to collect exceptions that occur in your application and report them to your preferred service or location (e.g. a monitoring service such as [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-ruby/blob/e18ce4b6dcce2ebd37778c1e96164684a1e9ebfc/sentry-rails/lib/sentry/rails/error_subscriber.rb)).

Reviewer 3: It doesn't feel clear what we're showing an example of.  Perhaps we could explain in a single sentence what that example is? Something like:

```suggestion
The Rails [error reporter](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html) provides a standard way to collect exceptions that occur in your application and report them to your preferred service or location (e.g. you could report the errors to a monitoring service such as Sentry [using a subscriber](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-ruby/blob/e18ce4b6dcce2ebd37778c1e96164684a1e9ebfc/sentry-rails/lib/sentry/rails/error_subscriber.rb)).
```

I'm not sure if the above is accurate or was your intention so update as you feel necessary.

end
```

> Rails wraps all executions (such as [HTTP requests](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods), [jobs](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_job_basics.html), and [rails runner](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/command_line.html#bin-rails-runner) invocations) in the error reporter, so any unhandled errors raised in your app will automatically be reported to your error-reporting service via their subscribers.

Reviewer 3: Here's some notes about how to link to [other references](https://3.basecamp.com/3076981/buckets/35498807/todos/7116145100#__recording_7182213941): 
- Link to guides should not contain the full URL but rather just the guide path. e.g. `[Active Storage Overview](active_storage_overview.html)`
- When linking on the same guide, we should be able to use the anchor to reference them e.g. `[Attribute Assignment](#attribute-assignment)`
- Keep links pointing to api instead of edgeapi, they're `[translated to edgeapi automatically when the guides are generated](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/ruby_on_rails_guides_guidelines.html#linking-to-the-api).`

Also, I'm not sure about linking to the HTTP guides, I think a link to the Mozilla documentation fine (but maybe someone else can clarify), but the [general rule](https://3.basecamp.com/3076981/buckets/35498807/todos/7116145100#__recording_7386968481) is:
- We avoid external links (where possible). If a gem is inside the rails org is fine to keep mentioning it, but if it is out of the rails org we should remove the mention. I guess the same question applies for the sentry example above, it would be useful to get clarification. 

```suggestion
Rails wraps all executions (such as [HTTP requests](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods), [jobs](active_job_basics.html), and [rails runner](command_line.html#bin-rails-runner) invocations) in the error reporter, so any unhandled errors raised in your app will automatically be reported to your error-reporting service via their subscribers.
```

> This means that third-party error-reporting libraries no longer need to insert a [Rack](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/rails_on_rack.html) middleware or do any monkey-patching to capture unhandled exceptions. Libraries that use [ActiveSupport](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport.html) can also use this to non-intrusively report warnings that would previously have been lost in logs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This means that third-party error-reporting libraries no longer need to insert a [Rack](rails_on_rack.html) middleware or do any monkey-patching to capture unhandled exceptions. Libraries that use [ActiveSupport](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport.html) can also use this to non-intrusively report warnings that would previously have been lost in logs.
```

Reviewer 2: There also is no need to link to the `edgeapi`. In the edgeguides `https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport.html` becomes `https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport.html` automatically.
https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/ruby_on_rails_guides_guidelines.html#linking-to-the-api

> This means that third-party error-reporting libraries no longer need to insert a [Rack](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/rails_on_rack.html) middleware or do any monkey-patching to capture unhandled exceptions. Libraries that use [ActiveSupport](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport.html) can also use this to non-intrusively report warnings that would previously have been lost in logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that third-party error-reporting libraries no longer need to insert a [Rack](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/rails_on_rack.html) middleware or do any monkey-patching to capture unhandled exceptions. Libraries that use [Active Support](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport.html) can also use this to non-intrusively report warnings that would previously have been lost in logs.
```

Reviewer 2: See the naming guidelines also: https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/api_documentation_guidelines.html#naming

> NOTE: Using the Rails' error reporter is not required. All other means of capturing errors still work.

Reviewer 3: Maybe using optional instead of not required?

```suggestion
NOTE: Using the Rails' error reporter is optional as other means of capturing errors still work.
```

### Subscribing to the Reporter

> To use the error reporter with an external service, you need a _subscriber_. A subscriber can be any object with a `report` method. When an error occurs in your application or is manually reported, the Rails error reporter will call this method with the error object and some options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the error reporter with an external service, you need a _subscriber_. A subscriber can be any Ruby object with a `report` method. When an error occurs in your application or is manually reported, the Rails error reporter will call this method with the error object and some options.
```

> NOTE: Some error-reporting libraries, such as [Sentry's](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-ruby/blob/e18ce4b6dcce2ebd37778c1e96164684a1e9ebfc/sentry-rails/lib/sentry/rails/error_subscriber.rb) and [Honeybadger's](https://docs.honeybadger.io/lib/ruby/integration-guides/rails-exception-tracking/), automatically register a subscriber for you. Consult your provider's documentation for more details.

Reviewer: The last sentence does't seem necessary?

```suggestion
NOTE: Some error-reporting libraries, such as [Sentry's](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-ruby/blob/e18ce4b6dcce2ebd37778c1e96164684a1e9ebfc/sentry-rails/lib/sentry/rails/error_subscriber.rb) and [Honeybadger's](https://docs.honeybadger.io/lib/ruby/integration-guides/rails-exception-tracking/), automatically register a subscriber for you.
```

end
```

After defining the subscriber class, you can register it by calling the [`Rails.error.subscribe`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html#method-i-subscribe) method:

```ruby
Rails.error.subscribe(ErrorSubscriber.new)
```

> You can register as many subscribers as you wish. Rails will call them in turn, in the order in which they were registered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can register as many subscribers as you wish. Rails will call them in the order in which they were registered.
```

It is also possible to unregister a subscriber by calling [`Rails.error.unsubscribe`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html#method-i-unsubscribe). This may be useful if you'd like to replace or remove a subscriber added by one of your dependencies. Both `subscribe` and `unsubscribe` can take either a subscriber or a class as follows:

```ruby
subscriber = ErrorSubscriber.new
Rails.error.unsubscribe(subscriber)
# or
Rails.error.unsubscribe(ErrorSubscriber)
```

NOTE: The Rails error reporter will always call registered subscribers, regardless of your environment. However, many error-reporting services only report errors in production by default. You should configure and test your setup across environments as needed.

### Using the Error Reporter

> There are four ways you can use the error reporter:

Reviewer: Maybe list the methods up here?

```suggestion
Rails error reporter has four methods that allow you to report errors in four different ways: `Rails.error.handle`, `Rails.error.record`, `Rails.error.report`, and `Rails.error.unexpected`.
```

#### Reporting and Re-raising Errors

> [`Rails.error.record`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html#method-i-record) will report errors to all registered subscribers and then **re-raise** the error, meaning that the rest of your code won't execute.

Reviewer: We tend not to start a sentence with link text. Same comment for the other methods in the section.

```suggestion
The [`Rails.error.record`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html#method-i-record) method will report errors to all registered subscribers and then **re-raise** the error, meaning that the rest of your code won't execute.
```

end
```

Any options you pass will be passed on to the error subscribers.

#### Reporting Unexpected Errors

> You can report any errors that may unexpectedly occur when the imagined conditions of your code are not met by calling [`Rails.error.unexpected`](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html#method-i-unexpected").

Reviewer: "imagined conditions of your code" sounds a little odd. Maybe something like "You can report any unexpected error by calling..."?

When called in production, this method will return nil after the error is reported and the execution of your code will continue.

When called in development, the error will be wrapped in a new error class (to ensure it's not being rescued higher in the stack) and surfaced to the developer for debugging.

For example:

```ruby
def edit
  if published?
    Rails.error.unexpected("[BUG] Attempting to edit a published article, that shouldn't be possible")
    return false
  end
  # ...
end

> ```
> NOTE: This method is intended to gracefully handle any errors that may occur in production, but that aren't anticipated to be the result of typical use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

NOTE: This method is intended to gracefully handle any errors that may occur in production, but that aren't anticipated to be the result of typical use.
```

> NOTE: This method is intended to gracefully handle any errors that may occur in production, but that aren't anticipated to be the result of typical use.

Reviewer: Looks like a newline is missing after the code fence, rubocop will complain about this.

Here, the `TypeError` will not be captured by the Rails error reporter. Only instances of  `IOError` and its descendants will be reported. Any other errors will be raised as normal.

### Disabling Notifications

You can prevent a subscriber from being notified of errors for the duration of a block by calling [`Rails.error.disable`](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html#method-i-disable). Similarly to `subscribe` and `unsubscribe`, you can pass in either the subscriber itself, or its class.

```ruby
Rails.error.disable(ErrorSubscriber) do
  1 + '1' # TypeError will not be reported via the ErrorSubscriber
end
```

> NOTE: This can also be helpful for third-party error reporting services who may want to manage error handling a different way, or higher in the stack.

Reviewer: newline needed between the 205 and 206

# The reported context will be: {:a=>1, :b=>3}
```

### Filtering by Error Classes

With `Rails.error.handle` and `Rails.error.record`, you can also choose to only
report errors of certain classes. For example:

```ruby
Rails.error.handle(IOError) do
  1 + '1' # raises TypeError
end
1 + 1 # TypeErrors are not IOErrors, so this will *not* be executed
```

Here, the `TypeError` will not be captured by the Rails error reporter. Only
instances of  `IOError` and its descendants will be reported. Any other errors
will be raised as normal.

### Disabling Notifications

You can prevent a subscriber from being notified of errors for the duration of a
block by calling
[`Rails.error.disable`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/ErrorReporter.html#method-i-disable).
Similarly to `subscribe` and `unsubscribe`, you can pass in either the
subscriber itself, or its class.

```ruby
Rails.error.disable(ErrorSubscriber) do
  1 + '1' # TypeError will not be reported via the ErrorSubscriber
end
```

NOTE: This can also be helpful for third-party error reporting services who may
want to manage error handling a different way, or higher in the stack.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
